We could never have a freaking bathhouse that
was accessible to people who used wheelchairs.
You know?
Or people who used mobility devices.
Because the fucking places, every single one
has a set of stairs.
There’s so many stairs at Club Toronto.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah.
And that was a function of men’s bathhouses
that were more accessible being unwilling to share space.
You know, we ended up with a Thursday night
at Club Toronto because it’s the slowest night.
You know, they weren’t making money anyway.
And so, this was a way for them to make money.
But at the places that probably had a steadier income,
or weren’t as reliant on an influx of cash,
were just not interested in sharing space
for a night with women.
We did have one person who used to come in
a wheelchair, and we had volunteers to help
them get around.
Couple people could pick them up and take
them to a different floor, I remember.